<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/ktemplate.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/ktemplate.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Title and Body 3</title>
    
<meta name="application-name" content="ktemplate" data-layout="layout7" />

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 <meta name="kotobee-chapter" content="raw\ch7.xhtml" />
<meta name="kotobee-book" content="urn:uuid:c14a1c60-7b14-3b18-bfb6-47bcd4d3bf1a" />
</head>
<body class="layout7 ktemplateLang-en">
<div class="templateTitle" data-ktemplate="title">
<h1>Mechatronics &amp; Engineering</h1>
</div>

<div class="templateBody" data-ktemplate="body">
<h2>Physical implementations</h2>

<h3>The multi-physical approach</h3>

<p>Mechanical modeling calls for modeling and simulating physical complex phenomena in the scope of a multi-scale and multi-physical approach. This implies to implement and to manage modeling and optimization methods and tools, which are integrated in a systemic approach.</p>

<p>The specialty is aimed for students in mechanics who want to open their mind to systems engineering, and able to integrate different physics or technologies, as well as students in mechatronics who want to increase their knowledge in optimization and multidisciplinary simulation techniques. For some mechatronic systems, the main issue is no longer how to implement a control system, but how to implement actuators. Within the mechatronic field, mainly two technologies are used to produce movement/motion.</p>

<h3>Using models</h3>

<p>Models play important and diverse roles in systems engineering.Together, these definitions are broad enough to encompass physical engineering models used in the verification of a system design, as well as schematic models like a functional flow block diagram and mathematical (i.e., quantitative) models used in the trade study process. This section focuses on the last.</p>

<h2>Variant of the field</h2>

<h3>Biomechatronics</h3>

<p>An emerging variant of this field is biomechatronics, whose purpose is to integrate mechanical parts with a human being, usually in the form of removable gadgets such as an exoskeleton. This is the 'real-life' version of cyberware.</p>

<p>Another variant that we can consider is Motion control for Advanced Mechatronics, which presently is recognized as a key technology in mechatronics. The robustness of motion control will be represented as a function of stiffness and a basis for practical realization.</p>

<h3>Network analysis</h3>

<p>Network graphs: matrices associated with graphs; incidence, fundamental cut set, and fundamental circuit matrices. Solution methods: nodal and mesh analysis. Network theorems: superposition, Thevenin and Norton's maximum power transfer, Wye-Delta transformation. Steady state sinusoidal analysis using phasors. Linear constant coefficient differential equations; time domain analysis of simple RLC circuits, Solution of network equations using Laplace transform: frequency domain analysis of RLC circuits. 2-port network parameters: driving point and transfer functions. State equations for networks.</p>

<p class="blue-box" data-kbtns="copy duplicate remove"><em>IoT and mechatronics are complementary. Many of the smart components associated with the Internet of Things will be essentially mechatronic. The development of the IoT is forcing mechatronics engineers, designers, practitioners and educators to research the ways in which mechatronic systems and components are perceived, designed and manufactured.</em></p>
</div>


</body></html>